Marketing friends, I want to express
some empathy for you because I know that
a ton of you are told by your bosses and
your teams that you need to figure out
ways to make this make AI
get you more efficient at marketing. You
have to operationalize AI and become
more advanced in AI and upskill in AI.
That's really frustrating. Um, but I
think I can help and and I need your
help actually to help you. So, uh, I'm
going to use as an example my friend
Val's company. This is Scallop Box. She
does these beautiful gift boxes. Uh,
they're all Seattle small businesses. We
actually bought these for all of the
speakers at our recent Spark Together
conference in Seattle. And you know, she
it's the kind of thing where if you
search for corporate gift boxes Seattle,
like she probably wants to come up for
that because she does a lot of a lot of
cool stuff with that. So I here's what I
did. I searched for people who search
for corporate gift boxes in Spark Toro,
right? So this is my audience. My
audience searches for corporate gift
boxes. And Spark Toro has a whole bunch
of data. Then what we did is we realized
that a bunch of people were taking
these, exporting all data, uploading it
to chat GPT, and then trying to come up
with prompts that would make them more
efficient at all marketing tasks. So we
surveyed and interviewed and talked to a
bunch of customers about what they were
doing with that. And we built this new
section called take action. Now, first,
in order to build this, we had to test
and refine and test and test again
dozens and dozens of prompts that we
thought could get good results. You can
see a bunch of the prompt work in this
giant document, um, 33 pages in length
that we've refined over and over again.
And essentially, here's what it's doing,
right? So, it is we are trying to help
you I'm going to blow this up to make it
easier to read. generate headline ideas
or craft positioning statements or
brainstorm visual content ideas or
suggest some provocative content ideas.
And and then when you do any of these
things, here's here's one in social
media marketing um for brainstorming
social post ideas around corporate gift
boxes. So you click take action. Going
to make this smaller again. And now you
tell us your social media marketing
goals. like, hey, I'm trying to drive
sales and I'm primarily targeting
consumers for this. Oh, nope. Wait,
Val's targeting businesses. And which
social network am I thinking about?
Probably LinkedIn for this particular
application. And when you click take
action, uh, Spark Toro sends the
relevant data from our uh, audience
research, right? The the, you know,
YouTube data or podcast data, website
data, keyword data, topic data, whatever
it is that's relevant to this particular
prompt. And then we send that to
ChateBT's I think we're using the 40
model for this particular one. And then
you get back ideas.
Why is this better than just asking chat
GBT on your own? I look if you have a
brilliant prompt and you've already got
all your customizations, great,
fantastic. Use what you've got. But if
you would like to apply the audience
data like we know that a bunch of you
are already exporting spark Toro data
and then uploading the spreadsheet to
chatbt or claude or whatever and then
doing this this could save you a big
step and we have tested and refined
these prompts in a million ways. So now
you can take these and here's all the
social media ideas that it's got. You
could copy the ones that you want. Uh
you can export the whole thing or you
can share this data with somebody else.
This is not live. This feature does not
exist for everyone, only for me, Casey,
and Amanda.
So, my my question is, if this looks
interesting to you, if you would like to
sort of use the uh prompts that we've
come up with and apply the right kinds
of data and, you know, test out these
different formats, see whether you're
getting good results from all these
things. We would love the feedback.
We're probably still a few weeks away
from launching. We'd love to have some
people try it out. If you want it, just
send me an email. I'm randsparkro.com.